 135.Added mIRC DCC Server, listens by default on port 59 for special
     mIRC DCC connections. To turn the dcc server on/off you can use
     the command:

     /dccserver [+|-scf] [on|off] [port]

     You can send/chat/fserve the dcc server using the DCC Send/Chat
     dialogs and specifying an IP address instead of a nickname (you
     can also specify both a nickname and IP address, mIRC will use
     the ip address to connect).

     From the command line, you can use /dcc [send|chat|fserve] with an
     IP Address instead of a nickname to initiate a connection to the
     DCC Server. Note: /dcc fserve only works for IP connections and
     does not work via IRC.

     Chat Protocol
       Client connects to Server and sends:
       100 clientnickname
       When Server receives this, it sends:
       101 servernickname
       Connection is established, users can now chat.

     Fserve Protocol
       Client connects to Server and sends:
       110 clientnickname
       When Server receives this, it sends:
       111 servernickname
       Connection is established, user can now access fserve.

     Send Protocol
       Client connects to Server and sends:
       120 clientnickname filesize filename
       When Server receives this, it sends:
       121 servernickname resumeposition
       Where resumeposition is between 0 and filesize, and is required.
       Connection is established, and Server dcc gets the file.

     Get Protocol
       Client connects to Server and sends:
       130 clientnickname filename
       When Server receives this, it sends:
       131 servernickname filesize
       When Client receives this, it sends:
       132 clientnickname resumeposition
       Where resumeposition is between 0 and filesize, and is required.
       Connection is established, and Server dcc sends the file.

       Notes:
       a) The Get protocol has been implemented in this way mainly
          because I'm assuming:
          1) The client may not be able to open a socket to listen
             for and accept a connection (firewall etc.)
          2) The DCC Server may only be able to listen for connections
             on port 59 (firewall etc.)
          3) Since the client was able to connect to the DCC Server the
             first time, it should have no problem connecting to the
             same port again.

       b) Currently the Get Protocol is ONLY used by the Fileserver when
          a user (who has connected to a Fileserver via the DCC Server)
          requests a "get filename". All other attempts to Get a file via
          the DCC Server are ignored.

     If server receives unexpected information, or doesn't recieve info
     15 seconds after initial connection, it closes the connection.

     If service is unavailable, server sends:
     150 servernickname

     If server rejects connection, it sends:
     151 servernickname

